Moose docs image alt text (#30946)
idaholab/moose: tutorials/darcy_thermo_mech/doc/content/workshop/problem/step11.md

## Step 11: Results

!media darcy_thermo_mech/step09_result.mp4

>        alt=Temperature and VonMises stress values produced by the simulation above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       alt=Temperature and Von Mises stress values produced by the simulation above.
```
